# Mail-Client
The goal of this programming assignment is to create a simple mail client that sends email to any recipient. Your client will need to establish a TCP connection with a mail server (e.g., a Google mail server), dialogue with the mail server using the SMTP protocol, send an email message to a recipient (e.g., your friend) via the mail server, and finally close the TCP connection with the mail server. For this assignment, some skeleton code (available in myCourses) in python for the mail client is given to you. Your job is to complete the code and test your client by sending email to different user accounts. You may also try sending through different servers (for example, through a Google mail server, Yahoo mail server).  You may have to take these additional steps to get your code to work. 1. Because you may be using Gmail or Yahoo (at the sender), you have to check its security settings to allow for less secure applications such as your program to connect. 2. You may need to you EHLO instead of HELO 3. You may need to wrap the data that you send in SSL (i.e., by creating a SSL socket). SSL is added for security. We will learn more about SSL later, but for now you will just need to know how to use it. 4. You may need to use a particular encoding scheme depending on the version of python you are working with. Check the version of python on remote that you will be using and make sure that you are using the same version on your local machine, otherwise you may need to make changes to your code when you run it on remote. 

Steps to run the code
Step 1 – Change the username and password and set it to your Gmail username and password in line 43 & 44.
Step 2 – In line 69 change mail from address.
Step 3 – In line 79 change mail to address.
